README.md, before:

Ingenico Connect Swft SDK example
=======================

This example app illustrates the use of the [Ingenico Connect Swift SDK](https://github.com/Ingenico-ePayments/connect-sdk-client-swift) and the services provided by Ingenico ePayments on the Ingenico ePayments platform.

See the [Ingenico Connect Developer Hub](https://epayments.developer-ingenico.com/documentation/sdk/mobile/swift/) for more information on how to use the SDK.

Prerequisites
------------

[CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org/) is a dependency manager for Swift and Objective-C Cocoa projects.
 To install the dependencies this example app requires, you will need to install the CocoaPods Ruby gem.

```
$ sudo gem install cocoapods
```

Installation
------------

To obtain the example app for the Ingenico Connect Swift SDK, first clone the code from GitHub:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/Ingenico-ePayments/connect-sdk-client-swift-example.git
```

Then run the following command to install the dependencies with CocoaPods:

```
$ pod install
```

Afterwards, you can open and run the Xcode workspace that is now created to run the example app.

Commit message:

Updated README.md to refer to the rebranded repository

README.md, after:

Ingenico Connect Swft SDK example
=======================

**This example app has been rebranded to Worldline. As part of the rebranding the example app has moved to https://github.com/Worldline-Global-Collect/connect-sdk-client-swift-example.**

---

This example app illustrates the use of the [Ingenico Connect Swift SDK](https://github.com/Ingenico-ePayments/connect-sdk-client-swift) and the services provided by Ingenico ePayments on the Ingenico ePayments platform.

See the [Ingenico Connect Developer Hub](https://epayments.developer-ingenico.com/documentation/sdk/mobile/swift/) for more information on how to use the SDK.

Prerequisites
------------

[CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org/) is a dependency manager for Swift and Objective-C Cocoa projects.
 To install the dependencies this example app requires, you will need to install the CocoaPods Ruby gem.

```
$ sudo gem install cocoapods
```

Installation
------------

To obtain the example app for the Ingenico Connect Swift SDK, first clone the code from GitHub:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/Ingenico-ePayments/connect-sdk-client-swift-example.git
```

Then run the following command to install the dependencies with CocoaPods:

```
$ pod install
```

Afterwards, you can open and run the Xcode workspace that is now created to run the example app.
